Updated README (#24)
bartekpacia/mentorship-client: README.md

# Mentorship Client

> Cross-platform client for the [AnitaB.org's](https://anitab.org/) [Mentorship System](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-backend),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mentorship System](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-backend) is an application that allows women in tech to mentor each other, on career development topics, through 1:1 relations for a certain period. This is the flutter client for this project.
```
I would avoid having AnitaB.org's because there are other platforms that AnitaB.org uses, and this is still in development and part of the open source community for now.

> - RelationPage: updating `availableToMentor` and `needsMentoring` status doesn't work

Reviewer: these 2 should be removed and each bullet turned into issues

- About screen is basically About dialog. It's very simple, more info should be added.

> Occasional UI bugs may occur – in this case, please [file an issue](https://github.com/anitab-org/mentorship-flutter/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: Maybe you can add a Contributing section here and include a text to highlight the CONTRIBUTING guidelines that should be read before starting to contribute. Also the reporting guidelines and code of conduct

### Overview

> The architecture of the app isn't top-notch, but currently it does it job quite well. If you have an idea

Reviewer: I think this sentence is not needed, its a bit self deprecating. For example, what is top notch architecture!? There is always room for improvement in a project. Backend and Android aren't perfect and could have some refactoring, and that is fine :)
Let's keep this objective. if someone wishes to open an issue to improve the app, they'll do it anyways :) If you feel something is clearly missing you can even create the issue yourself, for someone to solve.

Author: Yeah, this makes sense :)
I'll change it.

   to enable CORS
2. Run local devserver

> ### Future?

Reviewer: well removed :)

Author: ^^
